Page 1:

The HCFR Colormeter software allows for profiling and calibration of displays using the combination of a pattern generator to create test patterns, and a tristimulous colorimeter to read and measure the outputs. Then you, as the user, will have to change settings on your display in order to refine the results and attempt to match the chosen standard of video color reproduction.

The HCFR Colormeter software is at the heart of the system. It interprets the results from the colorimeter and provides CIE color differences (Delta E values), chromaticity diagrams, gamma curves and other values to assist you in profiling and calibrating your display. 
https://sourceforge.net/p/hcfr/wiki/Home/

Page 2:

To set up HCFR Colormeter, attach your colorimeter to your computer, open the program, click File -> New, and select “DVD Manual” as your selected generator. Select your colorimeter from the list, and click OK.

Once in HCFR Colormeter, click Advance -> Preferences. 

Under the “General” tab, ensure that the section “Colors to add when measuring primaries and secondaries” is set to “White”. 

Under the “References” tab, choose your color space. “PAL/SECAM” is recommended for PAL CRT users. “SDTV - REC601 (NTSC)” is recommended for NTSC CRT users. “HD TV REC 709” is recommended for HD and UHD in SDR flat panel TV users. “sRGB” is recommended for PC VGA and up CRT monitors. 

White point is normally D65 (default) for western regions of all color space types. Japanese SDTV often used “D93” as a white point (which will appear cooler, or bluer, than D65). 

Most gamma calculations normally default to ITU-R BT.1886, which uses Display Gamma Power Law 2.4. Your device may have a different native gamma response, so choose a different Power Law value if required. sRGB has a specific non-linear gamma that cannot be customized. 

Ensure your options chosen here match the test pattern list you choose in the 240p Test Suite. 

Page 3:

When you are ready to start measuring, click the “Measure” menu, and select your measurement. If any large scale changes are made to your display, it is recommended to re-run a Gray-scale sweep often, so that baseline calculations can be accurately made for Delta E measurements.  A menu will pop up asking you to select a given DVD chapter and color name. Use the L and R buttons to scroll through the color list and select the color desired. Once ready to measure, click “OK” in HCFR Colormeter to measure the test pattern. Use the “Continuous measure” mode to be able to adjust your display’s settings to match the values required for your chosen color space, white point, gamma, etc. 
